KIC 2.9.x update deployment guides - Gateway Discovery (#5231)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/concepts/deployment.md

[k8s-namespace]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
[k8s-rbac]:https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/

{% if_version gte: 2.9.x %}
### Gateway Discovery

{{site.kic_product_name}} can also be configured to discover deployed Gateways.
This works by using a separate {{site.base_gateway}} deployment which exposes a
Kubernetes Service which is backed by [Kong Admin API][admin] endpoints.
This Service endpoints can be then discovered by {{site.kic_product_name}}
through Kubernetes EndpointSlice watch.

The overview of this type of deployment can be found on the figure below:

![Gateway Discovery overview](/assets/images/docs/kubernetes-ingress-controller/gateway-discovery-diagram.png "Gateway Discovery overview")

> In this type of deployment, there are two types of deployments created,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this type of architecture, there are two types of Kubernetes deployments created,
```
